fix: not all events are tasks, callbacks are part of the event task (#34998)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/event_loop/index.md

### Adding messages

> In web browsers, messages are often added when an event occurs and there is an event listener attached to it. If there is no listener, the event is lost. So a click on an element with a click event handler will add a message — likewise with any other event. Though some events happen synchronously without a message, e.g. simulated clicks via the {{domxref("HTMLElement/click", "click")}} method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In web browsers, messages are often added when an event occurs and there is an event listener attached to it. If there is no listener, the event is lost. So a click on an element with a click event handler will add a message — likewise with any other event. However, some events happen synchronously without a message — for example, simulated clicks via the {{domxref("HTMLElement/click", "click")}} method.
```
